Operations (#301)
leancodepl/corelibrary: docs/basics/02_cqrs.md

It finds all the dishes that match the name filter (however we define the filter). It may be called anonymously and returns a list of `DishInfoDTO`s (we use a `List` instead of a `IList` or `IReadOnlyList` because of the DTO constraint; `List` is more DTO-ish than any interface).

### Operation

> The strict separation of command and query has sometimes led to awkwardness for clients consuming the API. So, the type `IOperation` was introduced to add more flexibility. Operations change the state of the system, but also allow to return some result. Operations itself are not validated, if executing operation results in executing a command, it's the developer responsibility to decide how to handle potential validation errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The strict separation of command and query has had sometimes led to awkwardness for clients consuming the API. So, the type `IOperation` was introduced to add more flexibility. Operations change the state of the system, but also allow to return some result. Operations itself are not validated, if executing operation results in executing a command, it's the developer's responsibility to decide how to handle and report potential validation errors.
```

```csharp
public class PayForOrder : IOperation<PaymentTokenDTO>
{
    public Guid OrderId { get; set; }
}

public class PaymentTokenDTO { }
```

Potential use cases:

> 1. Acting as a proxy for multiple commands (i.e. working on different domains) which are supposed to run at the same time and returning result, potentially making clients life's easier (one HTTP request, clean indication, that these things are connected)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Acting as a proxy for multiple commands (i.e. working on different domains) which are supposed to run at the same time and returning result, potentially making clients life's easier (one HTTP request, clean indication, that these things are connected).
```

2. Running a command creating an object and immediately returning result. Note that in general our approach is command + immediate query with client generated id, but there might be reasons to violate this rule.

> 3. Integration with external services that do not conform to the CQRS pattern. E.g. creating payment in a third-party api and immediately returning some result which should not be stored in our system's database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Integration with external services that do not conform to the CQRS pattern. E.g. creating payment in a third-party API and immediately returning the payment which might not be stored in our system's database.
```

>    1. Integration with services which combine object validation and creation steps, making it impossible to validate command separately in command validator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a. Integration with services which combine object validation and creation steps, making it impossible to validate command separately in command validator
```

}
```

### Operation handlers

Operation handlers execute complex operations. They should not contain logic themselves, instead they should orchestrate

> commands, queries (and potentially other services) via `ICommandExecutor`, `IQueryExecutor` interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
commands, queries (and potentially other services) via `ICommandExecutor` and `IQueryExecutor` interfaces.
```
